add: flightcontrol.dev (#27)
anandrmedia/heroku-free-alternatives: README.md

| :---- | :-------------|
| [render.com](https://render.com/) | One of the top Heroku alternatives with a free plan to get started. |
| [fly.io](https://fly.io/) | Run your full stack apps (and databases!) all over the world. No ops required. |

> | [flightcontrol.dev](https://flightcontrol.dev?ref=heroku-free-alternatives) | Run your full stack, frontend or static apps on your own AWS account. Take advantage of AWS free tier using Flightcontrol as a SAAS |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [flightcontrol.dev](https://www.flightcontrol.dev?ref=heroku-free-alternatives) | Easily deploy your full stack, frontend or backend apps on your own AWS account. Free for individuals.  |
```
